[3665][ADD] purchase_create_invoice_restrict (#41)
qrtl/axls-custom: purchase_create_invoice_restrict/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Users with the group_account_invoice or group_create_bill_allowed can press the "CREATE BILL" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds a new group group_create_bill_allowed, and hids "Create Bill" button of the purchase order form for users without group_account_invoice or group_create_bill_allowed.

This functionality intends to prevent the situation where purchase users accidentally create vendor bills from purchase orders, when bills are supposed to be created by authorized users.
```

> This module adds a new group group_create_bill_allowed, and hids "Create Bill" button of the purchase order form for users without group_account_invoice or group_create_bill_allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds a new group group_create_bill_allowed, and hides "Create Bill" button of the purchase order form for users without group_account_invoice or group_create_bill_allowed.
```
